hello everyone and welcome to another
house spotlight on my server what's
going on here I'd like to check what why
there's a massive like block of
netherrack but that's not what this
video is this is another house spotlight
and like I did with them yes Ed's house
and that was the main attraction but
then I took you around the other
surrounding houses we're gonna define
Slayers epic track and there are some
other houses around there that also like
to spotlight done but the main one we're
doing is fine Slayers so he said there's
an epic track I'm I'm not quite sure
that's the case I mean it's just dirt
and then it stops here no powered rails
and but you know his house is pretty
awesome so oh there's more tracks here
so I'm guessing that makes up for it
what to say well no damn it I've got the
quick portals on stop what does it say
I'm gonna get through everything welcome
to find Slayers corner pub food server
so let's have a look so this is the
enter doesn't look all that much I kind
of like the design though he's got some
nice natural shapes with the cobble
looks quite nice and you come through
here and then oh it suddenly gets a
whole lot more fancy so he's using the
Birchwood it's gonna walk through to say
get the scale of quite how ginormous
this thing isn't remember this is all in
vanilla so he's got all this farms it's
gonna walk all the way through and
they'll give you a little fly over the
top so this is like it's a smelting
Aryan not water so I god I love that
clay with the stone in the cobble those
colors just work oh my god it's amazing
anyway so he's smelling anything yeah
he's smell thing you can actually
private these chests I'll show you I'm
not gonna keep it forever but he could
actually do this if you wanted and
private for himself but you know each
that he doesn't want to do it doesn't
want to do it um on anvil here of all
places i'm not quite sure I understand
looks like he's planning to add more
buildings here and such this is his
storage room he's only got one private
thing yeah I used to he needs to private
his chest I tell him to in a second I
think he's on the server yeah fine
Slayers on the server so here's like
he's got massive plans for storage and
this is
all strategies planning to have some
items so here's his staircase and he's
dug this all out by hand I mean there's
only two people on the server whoever
access to world at it and I don't know
either of us did this so um yeah that's
pretty crazy and then he's got his it's
got his our farms over here was a little
good fly he's got this horse tour yeah
let's get inside got one horse you can
buy or spawn eggs on the bike rafter
links in the description because I know
they can be redic to find okay that's
got all those colors there he is there
he is fine slating yeah no it's being
cheeky leave me be i'm doing a spotlight
dude he's gonna follow me around anyway
what's up here what is our food farms up
here it's like i like this with the
birch and then the fence just more land
up here there's like the keep I saw he
was building on this and I don't so this
isn't finished I mean don't of course
doesn't look finished but this looks
like it's to keep to the main sort of
Castle bit what's down here what's a
dirt missing there a chicken farm
nothing much is Lucky's built over some
boring old train well creep up and
sleeve that be what was out cuz I don't
water oh it's just a little land
formation he hasn't done anything down
there so yeah and that's head up the
thing as much up here but there's a
staircase so you can get up Oh natural
without flying how this is this looks
this looks really trippy with the
recessed stone and all that and looks
like he still lots lots of work to do on
the main keep but I do love this
birchwood with stone brick especially in
sphax thing that really just works this
guy's got this guy this looks like it's
just the ceiling so he's built a ceiling
like this with these stone slabs and
then he the floor is going to be wood so
most people will combine a floor and a
ceiling all in one and save them time
but this guy is guys doing it good and
proper but I think that's
much it for his house so he's got more
layers to add to the farm at some point
and if i can remember which way it is to
the nearby houses will go a little fly
here's another house i really don't know
who owns this at all it just seems to be
like a collection of farms it wouldnt
probably find out whose house is this
ruffled their waffles alright well
that's him I'm I don't understand what
the glass panes are oh I think I
actually but I think I can figure it out
i've never seen this before but my guess
and you can tell me if i'm wrong or tell
me if I'm right my guess is these glass
panes are to stop the butt well they
were to stop big trees like this from
growing but clearly it hasn't worked if
that's the case clearly that hasn't
worked this time around maybe just make
them a bit lower I don't know and then I
assume this is the same house I don't
know what's in there i'm not going to do
too much for talks it looks like it's
very much in progress sugar o gala will
get inside and we'll have a quick sneaky
peek I mean Oh what's he got so this is
the same guy's house sorry if you didn't
want me to be snooping around but I'm
snooping around so this is all this
storage um there's just some water i
don't really know why um yeah I don't
know why there is someone like batting
around I've been outside so you'll have
to accept my apologies and what's this
just so just a room alright well that's
it for ruffled does but there's one more
that was just so oh is this more of his
house is this more raw fooders ruffle
ders um have a look have a look see
what's this welcome to the name but
thanks for the horse um and I was
looking around and took some netherwood
here's a gift in return oh so it's not
it's one of ruffled does neighbors
because he's left him he's at him a
chest that they could only those two can
access as a little gift the Sun looks
like it's unreal crazies house it's
quite nice oh so there he's over here
and ruffle does and then unreal crazies
over here and there is one more house in
the area that I wanted to do but
actually you know I think I'll do that
in another video because this is I don't
want to keep these videos too long Oh
his his track then i guess and and he's
bought that off a dirt I was like if it
is a little
or also this is update I did yes Ed's
house that had some serious progress i
do want to show you and I'm not gonna
I'm not going to waste my time trying to
find other houses in this video so as
always if you want to join the server
maybe get your house spotlighted and if
you're doing a let's fail link your
channel you let's play on this on this
server not just doing a let's play on
something at someone else's server and
what kind of link you but so everything
you need to know in order to join its
down the description and I hope you
enjoyed this spotlight a nasty letter by